Great, welcome back.
So, there were a couple of questions in
the chat during the exercise that I wanted
to address before we actually
go through this together.
And they were revolving
around revalidating.
So, when you make a form submission and
that form submission is successful,
Remix will revalidate all of
the data that's on the page.
First, I will say that there are some use
cases where you don't want to revalidate
on all the data on the page.
And we have definitely thought
about this use case but
we haven't landed on an API that we feel
really confident in saying it's stable,
and so it's prefixed as unstable.
And you can totally use it today.
We are satisfied with the use case,
we're just not sure about the API,
that's why its prefix is unstable.
It's called should Reload and
it's unstable underscore should reload and
that runs in In the client
to determine whether or
not a particular route should revalidate.
You can think of that as sort of like
the comparator argument to react up demo.
You may never have used that before but
it's the second argument to react on demo,
that allows you to compare the props
to decide whether that component
should re-render very similar in concept.
Another person asked about, Martin,
asked about whether, If there's any
way to trigger a revalidation imperatively
to just revalidate the current
route because they have some data that
they just wanna keep fresh on the client.
This is possible to do and
I'm not gonna dive into how to
accomplish that in this workshop.
One thing I wanted to mention and
why I wanted to answer this question
is they mentioned that
they can't use WebSockets.
Remix actually supports streaming and
Server Sent Events,
which may be something you
haven't ever used before.
I know it wasn't something I use because
I skip straight to WebSockets because
WebSockets was the new hotness and
everything.
Server Sent Events
are actually pretty cool and
are have been part of the web standard for
quite some time.
It's basically a long lived HTTP
request that the server can send
additional stuff over time,
just stream new stuff in overtime.
The client cannot communicate the other
direction, that's one of the reasons why
people just went to WebSockets cuz
WebSockets have more capabilities.
But for a lot of use cases, all you need
is the server sending stuff to the client.
So, there's this demo by
Jacob EB on the Remix team,
where he shows how to
create a resource route.
So here's our loader that
creates a readable stream that
which is like web platform mdn or
mdn.Io readable stream.
This is again, another web platform
thing that you have access to in Remix.
And to have a readable stream as the
response that you send to keep that long
lived HTTP request going.
And then inside of that you just
use the API, the controller,
to enqueue different events
that you're sending along.
And then on the client, you can use
this event source thing, which again,
web platform thing to subscribe
to that resource route and
then get those events as you go.
And so, if you have a situation where
there's only one specific piece of data
that I just need to keep up to date,
I don't need to revalidate everything
on the page, every minute or whatever.
Then you could totally go for
something like this, and
it would probably serve you quite well.
Certainly would be a little less resource
intensive than what you're trying to do
with, just revalidating
everything every single time.
And this is just a demo for his thing.
I think it's actually pretty cool.
It'll just show how many people
are looking at the site at once.